ReadME redesign: Feature readme (#283)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: README.md

limitations under the License.
-->

<div align="center">
    <h1><img alt="tool icon" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/icon-deepsparse.png" />&nbsp;&nbsp;DeepSparse</h1>
	<p>
		<b>

>         <h3> Sparsity-Aware Neural Network Inference Engine for GPU-class Performance on CPUs </h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h3> Sparsity-aware neural network inference engine for GPU-class performance on CPUs </h3>
```

Reviewer: Taglines are usually sentence case (vs. title case)

limitations under the License.
-->

<h1><img alt="tool icon" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/icon-deepsparse.png" />&nbsp;&nbsp;DeepSparse</h1>

> <h3>Neural network inference engine that delivers GPU-class performance for sparsified models on CPUs</h3>

Reviewer: This h3 line as it reads needs to go back here under the product name as it's the tagline to the product: Neural network inference engine that delivers GPU-class performance for sparsified models on CPUs
I believe there will be a future effort to go through and update these product taglines.

> <h3>Neural network inference engine that delivers GPU-class performance for sparsified models on CPUs</h3>

Reviewer: This h3 line as it reads needs to go back here under the product name as it's the tagline to the product: Neural network inference engine that delivers GPU-class performance for sparsified models on CPUs
I believe there will be a future effort to go through and update these product taglines.

    </a>
</p>

> <h3> Neural Network Inference Engine that Delivers GPU-class Performance for Sparsified Models on CPUs </h3>

Reviewer: Refer to my earlier comment about reverting back to the original location of this tag line.

> <h3> Neural Network Inference Engine that Delivers GPU-class Performance for Sparsified Models on CPUs </h3>

Reviewer: Refer to my earlier comment about reverting back to the original location of this tag line.

> A CPU runtime engine delivering GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. Read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Engine is a CPU runtime that delivers GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity (read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification)) within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. It is focused on model deployment and scaling machine learning pipelines, fitting seamlessly into your existing deployments as an inference backend.

The [GitHub repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) includes package APIs along with examples to quickly get started benchmarking and inferencing sparse models. 
```

> A CPU runtime engine delivering GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. Read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Engine is a CPU runtime that delivers GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity (read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification)) within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. It is focused on model deployment and scaling machine learning pipelines, fitting seamlessly into your existing deployments as an inference backend.

The [GitHub repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) includes package APIs along with examples to quickly get started benchmarking and inferencing sparse models. 
```

## Install 💽

> Tested on Python 3.6<=3.9, ONNX 1.5.0<=1.10.1 and manylinux compliant. Using a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tested on Python 3.6<=3.9, ONNX 1.5.0<=1.10.1, and manylinux compliant. Using a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended.

Install with pip using:
```
```suggestion
Tested on Python 3.6<=3.9, ONNX 1.5.0<=1.10.1 and manylinux compliant. Using a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended.
```

Reviewer: It was missing the transition to the next CTA.

```bash
pip install deepsparse
```

> ## Quick Start 💻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## QuickStart 💻
```
```suggestion
## Quick Start 💻
```

> ## Quick Start 💻

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## QuickStart 💻
```
```suggestion
## Quick Start 💻
```

Reviewer: We've been going with "QuickStar"t as one word.

Reviewer: We've been going with "QuickStar"t as one word.

One of the greatest features of our inference engine is the ability to integrate into popular deep learning libraries (e.g., Hugging Face, Ultralytics) allowing you to leverage DeepSparse for loading and deploying sparse models with ONNX. ONNX gives the flexibility to serve your model in a framework-agnostic environment. Support includes [PyTorch,](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/onnx.html) [TensorFlow,](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx) [Keras,](https://github.com/onnx/keras-onnx) and [many other frameworks](https://github.com/onnx/onnxmltools).

> To begin your inference adventure with DeepSparse is super simple. You can either run DeepSparse in CLI or Python. Let's first check out the CLI features... 👇

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting your inference adventure with DeepSparse is rather simple. You can either run DeepSparse by CLI or in Python. Let's first check out the CLI features... 👇
```

__ __

## NLP Inference 👩‍💻 Question Answering

```python
from deepsparse.transformers import pipeline

# SparseZoo model stub or path to ONNX file
onnx_filepath="zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned-aggressive_98"

qa_pipeline = pipeline(
    task="question-answering",
    model_path=onnx_filepath,
    num_cores=None, # uses all available CPU cores by default
)

my_name = qa_pipeline(question="What's my name?", context="My name is Snorlax")
```

NLP Tutorials:
- [Getting Started with Hugging Face Transformers 🤗](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/examples/huggingface-transformers)

Tasks Supported: 
- Text Classification (Sentiment Analysis)
- Question Answering
- Masked Language Modeling (MLM)

__ __

## SparseZoo ONNX vs. Custom ONNX Models

DeepSparse can accept ONNX models from two sources: 

1. `SparseZoo ONNX`: our open-source collection of sparse models available for download. [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) hosts inference-optimized models, trained on repeatable sparsification recipes using state-of-the-art techniques from [SparseML.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml)

> 2. `Custom ONNX`: Your own onnx model, can be dense or sparse. Plug in your model to compare performance with other solutions. 👇

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `Custom ONNX`: Your own ONNX model, can be dense or sparse. Plug in your model to compare performance with other solutions. 👇
```

    </a>
</p>

> <h3> DeepSparse is a deep learning inference engine for running super-fast sparse models. 🚀🚀🚀</h3>

Reviewer: We should keep the original tagline for now as these changes require a larger consensus. The final approved copy would need to be updated not just in our Naming Brief but in all the places that utilize this asset.

Author: ok will keep original for now.

> A CPU runtime engine delivering GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. Read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification).

Reviewer: We should keep the original short description for now as these changes require a larger consensus. The final approved copy would need to be updated not just in our Naming Brief but in all the places that utilize this asset.

The DeepSparse Engine is a CPU runtime that delivers GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity (read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification)) within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. It is focused on model deployment and scaling machine learning pipelines, fitting seamlessly into your existing deployments as an inference backend.
A CPU runtime engine delivering GPU-class performance by taking advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute required as well as accelerate memory bound workloads. Read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification).

> The [GitHub repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) includes package APIs along with examples to quickly get started benchmarking and inferencing sparse models.

Reviewer: This reference should be incorporated because the generated output is not in GitHub.

Author: Hi Jeannie, can you elaborate a bit further?

> Tested on Python 3.6+, and ONNX 1.5.0+. [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tested on Python 3.6+, and ONNX 1.5.0+. A [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended.
```

```bash
pip install deepsparse
```
__ __
## Quick Start 💻

> One of the greatest features of our inference engine is the ability to integrate into popular deep learning libraries (e.g. Hugging Face, Ultralytics) allowing you to leverage DeepSparse for loading and deploying sparse models with ONNX runtime (ORT). ORT gives flexibility to serve your model in a framework agnostic environment. Support includes [PyTorch,](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/onnx.html) [TensorFlow,](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx) [Keras,](https://github.com/onnx/keras-onnx) and [many other frameworks](https://github.com/onnx/onnxmltools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the greatest features of our inference engine is the ability to integrate into popular deep learning libraries (e.g., Hugging Face, Ultralytics) allowing you to leverage DeepSparse for loading and deploying sparse models with ONNX runtime (ORT). ORT gives the flexibility to serve your model in a framework-agnostic environment. Support includes [PyTorch,](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/onnx.html) [TensorFlow,](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx) [Keras,](https://github.com/onnx/keras-onnx) and [many other frameworks](https://github.com/onnx/onnxmltools).
```

> To begin your inference adventure with DeepSparse is super simple. You can either run DeepSparse in CLI or in Python. Let's first check out the CLI features... 👇

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin your inference adventure with DeepSparse is super simple. You can either run DeepSparse in CLI or  Python. Let's first check out the CLI features... 👇
```

> ## DeepSparse Server & Benchmark in CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DeepSparse Server and Benchmark in CLI
```

After you've installed DeepSparse in your Python environment, you have two resources via CLI at your disposal:

`deepsparse.server` : If you are interested in serving your models.

> `deepsparse.benchmark` : If you are interested in experimenting with the throughput/latency performance of your models under different inference scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`deepsparse.benchmark`: If you are interested in experimenting with the throughput/latency performance of your models under different inference scenarios.
```

Author: this space was intentional, looks better.

Author: am thinking of getting rid of this section.

### 1. DeepSparse Server

> The DeepSparse inference server allows you to serve models and pipelines in deployment. The server runs on top of the popular FastAPI web framework and Uvicorn web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse inference server allows you to serve models and pipelines in deployment. The server runs on top of the popular FastAPI web framework and Unicorn web server.
```

Author: it's Uvicorn :) https://www.uvicorn.org/

 - run `deepsparse.server -h` to lookup arguments.

##### ⭐ Single Model ⭐

Example CLI command for running inference with a single model:

```bash
deepsparse.server \
    --task question_answering \
    --model_path "zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/base-none"
```

##### ⭐ Multiple Models ⭐
To serve multiple models in your deployment you can easily build a `config.yaml`. 

> In the example below, we are defining 2 BERT models in our configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we are defining two BERT models in our configuration:
```

    models:
    - task: question_answering
        model_path: zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/base-none
        batch_size: 1
        alias: question_answering/dense
    - task: question_answering
        model_path: zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned_quant-aggressive_95
        batch_size: 1
        alias: question_answering/sparse_quantized

Finally, after your `config.yaml` file is built, you can run the server with the config file path as an argument:
```bash
deepsparse.server --config_file config.yaml
```

### 2. DeepSparse Benchmark

The benchmark tool is available on your CLI to run expressive model benchmarks on the DeepSparse Engine with minimal parameters.

Run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` to look up arguments.

```shell
deepsparse.benchmark [-h] [-b BATCH_SIZE] [-shapes INPUT_SHAPES]
                          [-ncores NUM_CORES] [-s {async,sync}] [-t TIME]
                          [-nstreams NUM_STREAMS] [-pin {none,core,numa}]
                          [-q] [-x EXPORT_PATH]
                            model_path

```

> - [Getting Started with CLI Benchmarking](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/src/deepsparse/benchmark_model) Includes examples of inference scenarios such as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Getting Started with CLI Benchmarking](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/src/deepsparse/benchmark_model) includes examples of inference scenarios such as: 
```

                          [-q] [-x EXPORT_PATH]
                            model_path

```

[Getting Started with CLI Benchmarking](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/src/deepsparse/benchmark_model) includes examples of select inference scenarios: 
- Synchronous (Single-stream) Scenario
- Asynchronous (Multi-stream) Scenario
__ __

## 👩‍💻 NLP Inference | Question Answering

```python
from deepsparse.transformers import pipeline

# SparseZoo model stub or path to ONNX file
onnx_filepath="zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned-aggressive_98"

qa_pipeline = pipeline(
    task="question-answering",
    model_path=onnx_filepath,
    num_cores=None, # uses all available CPU cores by default
)

my_name = qa_pipeline(question="What's my name?", context="My name is Snorlax")
```

NLP Tutorials:
- [Getting Started with Hugging Face Transformers 🤗](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/examples/huggingface-transformers)

Tasks Supported: 
- Text Classification (Sentiment Analysis)
- Question Answering
- Masked Language Modeling (MLM)

__ __

## SparseZoo ONNX vs. Custom ONNX Models

> DeepSparse can accept ONNX models from two sources: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Engine can accept ONNX models from two sources: 
```

Reviewer: Noting the name of the product is "DeepSparse Engine" and the name of the repo is "deepsparse" and so we want to consistently call the product by the actual name.

    </a>
</p>

<br>
</div>

A CPU runtime that takes advantage of sparsity within neural networks to reduce compute. Read more about sparsification [here](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/main/source/getstarted.html#sparsification).

> Our DeepSparse Engine is able to integrate into popular deep learning libraries (e.g., Hugging Face, Ultralytics) allowing you to leverage DeepSparse for loading and deploying sparse models with ONNX. ONNX gives the flexibility to serve your model in a framework-agnostic environment. Support includes [PyTorch,](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/onnx.html) [TensorFlow,](https://github.com/onnx/tensorflow-onnx) [Keras,](https://github.com/onnx/keras-onnx) and [many other frameworks](https://github.com/onnx/onnxmltools).

Reviewer: The first citation of a pronoun needs to declare who the "our" is.

## Features

- 🔌 [DeepSparse Server](https://github.com/InquestGeronimo/deepsparse/tree/feature-deepsparse.server/src/deepsparse/server)
- 📜 [DeepSparse Benchmark](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/tree/main/src/deepsparse/benchmark_model)
- 👩‍💻 [NLP and Computer Vision Tasks Supported](https://github.com/InquestGeronimo/deepsparse/tree/main/examples)
- 🧰 [CPU Hardware Support for Various Architectures](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse/source/hardware.html)

> ## Install

Reviewer: Keep the headlines parallel (e.g. using the verb "Install" vs. the noun "Installation")

> Tested on Python 3.6-3.9, ONNX 1.5.0-1.10.1, and manylinux compliant. Using a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) is highly recommended.

Reviewer: Added complete sentences and transition sentences to the command.

```bash
pip install deepsparse
```

## 🔌 DeepSparse Server

The DeepSparse inference server allows you to serve models and pipelines in deployment in CLI. The server runs on top of the popular FastAPI web framework and Uvicorn web server.

```bash
pip install deepsparse[server]
```

**⭐ Single Model ⭐**

Example CLI command for running inference with a single model:

```bash
deepsparse.server \
    --task question_answering \
    --model_path "zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/base-none"
```

To look up arguments run: `deepsparse.server --help`.

**⭐ Multiple Models ⭐**
To serve multiple models in your deployment you can easily build a `config.yaml`. 

> In the example below, we are defining two BERT models in our configuration for the question answering task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we define two BERT models in our configuration for the question answering task:
```

    models:
    - task: question_answering
        model_path: zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/base-none
        batch_size: 1
        alias: question_answering/dense
    - task: question_answering
        model_path: zoo:nlp/question_answering/bert-base/pytorch/huggingface/squad/pruned_quant-aggressive_95
        batch_size: 1
        alias: question_answering/sparse_quantized

Finally, after your `config.yaml` file is built, you can run the server with the config file path as an argument:
```bash
deepsparse.server --config_file config.yaml
```
## 📜 DeepSparse Benchmark

The benchmark tool is available on your CLI to run expressive model benchmarks on the DeepSparse Engine with minimal parameters.

> Run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` to look up arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `deepsparse.benchmark -h` to look up arguments:
```

engine = compile_model(onnx_filepath, batch_size)
outputs = engine.run(inputs)
```
Compatibility/Support Notes
- ONNX version 1.5-1.7
- ONNX opset version 11+
- ONNX IR version has not been tested at this time

The [GitHub repository](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) includes package APIs along with examples to quickly get started benchmarking and inferencing sparse models.

__ __

## Scheduling Single-Stream, Multi-Stream, and Elastic Inference

> The DeepSparse Engine offers up to three types of inferences based on your use case. You can read more details here: [Inference Types](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/docs/source/scheduler.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Engine offers up to three types of inferences based on your use case. Read more details here: [Inference Types](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/docs/source/scheduler.md).
```

Reviewer: When possible or relevant, try to avoid using the phrase "You can ...." in technical writing. There's no need to offer that since the reader will decide on their own if they will or will not do the action.

1 ⚡ Single-stream scheduling: the latency/synchronous scenario, requests execute serially. [`default`]

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/single-stream.png" alt="single stream diagram" />

Use Case: It's highly optimized for minimum per-request latency, using all of the system's resources provided to it on every request it gets.

2 ⚡ Multi-stream scheduling: the throughput/asynchronous scenario, requests execute in parallel.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/multi-stream.png" alt="multi stream diagram" />

PRO TIP: The most common use cases for the multi-stream scheduler are where parallelism is low with respect to core count, and where requests need to be made asynchronously without time to batch them.

3 ⚡ Elastic scheduling: requests execute in parallel, but not multiplexed on individual NUMA nodes.

Use Case: A workload that might benefit from the elastic scheduler is one in which multiple requests need to be handled simultaneously, but where performance is hindered when those requests have to share an L3 cache.
__ __

> ## CPU Hardware Support

Reviewer: Do we care that the hardware citation is so far down on this page? What motivates a reader to follow all the content upfront only to conclude the reader may not even have the right hardware?

Author: CPU hardware support link to docs is top of the page.

| [Intel AVX-512](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVX-512#CPUs_with_AVX-512) VNNI (DL Boost) | [Cascade Lake,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascade_Lake_(microarchitecture)>) [Ice Lake,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice_Lake_(microprocessor)>) [Cooper Lake,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooper_Lake_(microarchitecture)>) [Tiger Lake](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiger_Lake_(microprocessor)>) |      optimized      |    optimized    |      optimized      |

## Resources

<table>
<tr><th> Documentation </th><th> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Versions </th><th> Info </th></tr>
<tr><td>

[DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse/)

[SparseML](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparseml/)

[SparseZoo](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparsezoo/)

[Sparsify](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparsify/)

</td><td>

&emsp;stable : : [DeepSparse](https://pypi.org/project/deepsparse)

&emsp;nightly (dev) : : [DeepSparse-Nightly](https://pypi.org/project/deepsparse-nightly/)

&emsp;releases : : [GitHub](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/releases)

</td><td>

> [Blog](https://www.neuralmagic.com/blog/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Blog](https://www.neuralmagic.com/blog/) 

```

engine = compile_model(onnx_filepath, batch_size)
outputs = engine.run(inputs)
```
Compatibility/Support Notes
- ONNX version 1.5-1.7
- ONNX opset version 11+
- ONNX IR version has not been tested at this time

For a more in-depth read on available APIs and workflows, check out the [examples](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/examples/) and [DeepSparse Engine documentation.](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse)

__ __

## Scheduling Single-Stream, Multi-Stream, and Elastic Inference ⚡

> The DeepSparse Engine offers up to 3 types of inferences based on your use-case. You can read more details here: [Inference Types](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/docs/source/scheduler.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse Engine offers up to three types of inferences based on your use case. You can read more details here: [Inference Types](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/docs/source/scheduler.md).
```

> 1 ⚡ Single stream scheduling: the latency/synchronous scenario, requests execute serially. [`default`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 ⚡ Single-stream scheduling: the latency/synchronous scenario, requests execute serially. [`default`]
```

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/single-stream.png" alt="single stream diagram" />

PRO TIP: It's highly optimized for minimum per-request latency, using all of the system's resources provided to it on every request it gets.

2 ⚡ Multi-stream scheduling: the throughput/asynchronous scenario, requests execute in parallel.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/main/docs/source/multi-stream.png" alt="multi stream diagram" />

PRO TIP: The most common use cases for the multi-stream scheduler are where parallelism is low with respect to core count, and where requests need to be made asynchronously without time to batch them.

> 3 ⚡ Elastic scheduling: requests execute in parallel, but not multiplexed on individual NUMA Nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3 ⚡ Elastic scheduling: requests execute in parallel, but not multiplexed on individual NUMA nodes.
```

PRO TIP: A workload that might benefit from the elastic scheduler is one in which multiple requests need to be handled simultaneously, but where performance is hindered when those requests have to share an L3 cache.
__ __

## Hardware Support 🧰

> The DeepSparse Engine is validated to work on x86 Intel and AMD CPUs running Linux operating systems. Mac and Windows require running Linux in a Docker or virtual machine.

Reviewer: These two paragraphs got updated in the most recent version of readme.md

Author: updated paragraphs to match the most recent version thank you.

## Resources 🔧

<table>
<tr><th> Documentation </th><th> &emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Versions </th><th> Info </th></tr>
<tr><td>

[DeepSparse](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/deepsparse/)

[SparseML](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparseml/)

[SparseZoo](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparsezoo/)

[Sparsify](https://docs.neuralmagic.com/sparsify/)

</td><td>

&emsp;stable : : [DeepSparse](https://pypi.org/project/deepsparse)

&emsp;nightly (dev) : : [DeepSparse-Nightly](https://pypi.org/project/deepsparse-nightly/)

&emsp;releases : : [GitHub](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/releases)

</td><td>

[Blog](https://www.neuralmagic.com/blog/) 
[Resources](https://www.neuralmagic.com/resources/)

</td></tr> </table>

## Community 🧙

### Be Part of the Future... And the Future is Sparse!

Contribute with code, examples, integrations, and documentation as well as bug reports and feature requests! [Learn how here.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### Join

> For user help or questions about DeepSparse, sign up or log in to our [Deep Sparse Community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/discuss-neuralmagic/shared_invite/zt-q1a1cnvo-YBoICSIw3L1dmQpjBeDurQ). We are growing the community member by member and happy to see you there. Bugs, feature requests, or additional questions can also be posted to our [GitHub Issue Queue.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For user help or questions about DeepSparse, sign up or log in to our [**Deep Sparse Community Slack**](https://join.slack.com/t/discuss-neuralmagic/shared_invite/zt-q1a1cnvo-YBoICSIw3L1dmQpjBeDurQ). We are growing the community member by member and happy to see you there. Bugs, feature requests, or additional questions can also be posted to our [GitHub Issue Queue.](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse/issues)
```

Reviewer: We have bolded this phrase throughout all repos to draw a little more emphasis for now.

You can get the latest news, webinar and event invites, research papers, and other ML Performance tidbits by [subscribing](https://neuralmagic.com/subscribe/) to the Neural Magic community.

> For more general questions about Neural Magic, please fill out this [form.](http://neuralmagic.com/contact/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more general questions about Neural Magic, complete this [form.](http://neuralmagic.com/contact/)
```

PRO TIP: The most common use cases for the multi-stream scheduler are where parallelism is low with respect to core count, and where requests need to be made asynchronously without time to batch them.

3 ⚡ Elastic scheduling: requests execute in parallel, but not multiplexed on individual NUMA nodes.

PRO TIP: A workload that might benefit from the elastic scheduler is one in which multiple requests need to be handled simultaneously, but where performance is hindered when those requests have to share an L3 cache.
__ __

## Hardware Support 🧰

With support for AVX2, AVX-512, and VNNI instruction sets, the DeepSparse Engine is validated to work on x86 Intel (Haswell generation and later) and AMD CPUs running Linux. Mac and Windows require running Linux in a Docker or virtual machine.

Here is a table detailing specific support for some algorithms over different microarchitectures:

|   x86 Extension    |          Microarchitectures         | Activation Sparsity | Kernel Sparsity | Sparse Quantization |
|:------------------:|:-----------------------------------:|:-------------------:|:---------------:|:-------------------:|

> |      [AMD AVX2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Vector_Extensions#CPUs_with_AVX2)      |             [Zen 2,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_2) [Zen 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_3)            |    not supported    |    optimized    |    not supported    |
> |     [Intel AVX2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Vector_Extensions#CPUs_with_AVX2)     |          [Haswell,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haswell_(microarchitecture)>) [Broadwell,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadwell_(microarchitecture)>) and newer         |    not supported    |    optimized    |    not supported    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|      [AMD AVX2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Vector_Extensions#CPUs_with_AVX2)      |             [Zen 2,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_2) [Zen 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zen_3)            |    not supported    |    optimized    |    emulated    |
|     [Intel AVX2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Vector_Extensions#CPUs_with_AVX2)     |          [Haswell,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haswell_(microarchitecture)>) [Broadwell,](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadwell_(microarchitecture)>) and newer         |    not supported    |    optimized    |    emulated    |
```
